docs: fix untrust values for html, styles and urls (#50538)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/security.md

| URL               | Used for URL properties, such as `<a href>`.                                      |
| Resource URL      | A URL that is loaded and executed as code, for example, in `<script src>`.        |

> Angular sanitizes untrusted values for HTML and URLs; modern web browser sanitizes untrusted values for styles; sanitizing resource URLs isn't possible because they contain arbitrary code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Angular sanitizes untrusted values for HTML and URLs, and modern web browsers sanitize untrusted values for styles. Sanitizing resource URLs isn't possible because they contain arbitrary code.
```
